SNOW-1900052 - Add basic telemetry data to modin telemetry (#3524)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

#### Improvements
- Add a data type guard to the cost functions for hybrid execution mode (PrPr) which checks for data type compatibility.
- Added automatic switching to the pandas backend in hybrid execution mode (PrPr) for many methods that are not directly implemented in Snowpark pandas.

> - Set the 'type' and other standard fields for modin telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the 'type' and other standard fields for Snowpark pandas telemetry.
```
